Mr. Wang, Mr. Li, what are you doing?
How many CEOs?
Get up quickly
Our boutiques are also so expensive.
Miss Ye does not forgive us
We won't get up
Miss Ye, we are all blinded by lard
What business alliance conference did you go to?
We will never dare to target the Ye family again
We apologize to you.
Miss Ye, if you don't forgive us
We -- we just slap ourselves.
Hey no no no no
Don't fight, don't fight
Xiao Junian really apologized successfully
I forgive you.
Please get up.
Prepare me to go out
What's going on?
Yes!
I saw your apology tonight.
From now on
If you dare to do this to the wild family again, I will never forgive you lightly
Do you understand? I just understood. Just now
Also, about my identity before it was unveiled
Keep it a secret.
Yes, yes, yes, Mr. Xiao, go away
Mr. Xiao
How long will you hide your identity from me?